---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did you do this past week?

We had a short week in class and spent the majority of time covering our next project. During the week, I finished up midterms and got started on my projects which are due after the break.

### What's in your way?

As next week is Spring Break, not much. However, I do have three projects due the week following the break, so I need to do work on each of these and be prepared to finish out the semester.

### What will you do next week?

I will be on Spring Break. That being said, I will be doing work on the projects I have due the following week while trying to hold on to an aura of relaxtion.

### What's my experience of the class?

The class continues to be enjoyable. We have had an atypical couple of weeks due to not having a project, but this will change as soon as we return from break. This project somewhat differs from the previous ones, as it is focused on building out a specific object oriented concept rather than just an algorithm. The class seems to be trending towards more and more objected oriented ideas with less specifics on the language of C++. At the same time, C++ is central to everything we've learned, and I have enjoyed becoming versed in the language.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Bose SoundSport Wireless earphones. I've been using these headphones for a couple months now, and they are great. At first, it was weird to transition to bluetooth headphones, but now I can't go without them. Wireless saves time and gives you more ability at the gym or just moving around the house. The only drawback is that they need to be charged. 
