---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week, I finished project 1, which included debugging my meta-cache implementation and completing the suggested workflow. I also read the class text and attended lectures. I had to travel for work on Thursday and Friday, so I read over what happened on class on Friday. We also continued to have quizzes on Monday and Friday. 

### What's in your way?

I need to catch up from the classes I missed Thursday and Friday. This requires finishing reading and starting on project 2. I also have to balance my work in other classes.

### What will you do next week?

I want to get started on project 2 as soon as possible. Additionally, I plan to attend class and office hours.

### What's my experience of the class?

On Monday, we dived deeper into exceptions. We learned how different exceptions are caught within varying scopes. On Wednesday, Bloomberg gave a presentation, which was an interesting deviation from normal class procedure. I have never attended class where a company is presenting. I enjoyed the change of pace. I also realized much of the class knowledge comes from completing the projects. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is networking. On Thursday and Friday, I traveled to New York City to attend placement days for my summer internship. After 30 brief interviews with teams across the firm, I learned about a plethora of business group and understood how I fit into the organization. I recommend connecting with more people who you can gain knowledge from.
