---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week we wrote an algorithm to find the Root Mean Squared Error and began delving into C++ classes. 

### What's in your way?

I have two exams this week- one in Numerical Analysis and one in our Object Oriented Progamming class. I need to study heavily and focus in on my exam days. 

### What will you do next week?

Next week, I plan to review our in class material and readings. I want to take notes on all the readings and do practice questions. On top of this, I will be reimplementing the functions we implemented in class and looking over the projects.

### What's my experience of the class?

The class is picking up in terms of complexity. We have covered anonymous functions, the const keyword, pass by reference, and classes in a short period of time. On top of this, we are doing readings every week. One interesting feature of the class is that we do not cover the reading material in class aside from the quizzes. The daily quizzes represent a challenge for myself in the class- I believe the time limit is a bit restrictive because my technology will sometimes run too slow in getting the questions up.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is the Hemingway App. I started using it to write this blog and now use it to write just about everything. The editor picks up on sentences that are too complicated and unnecessary word choice. After using it consistently, my writing has become more clear and direct.
