---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week we studied regular expressions and worked on our projects. For the majority of the week, we looked at how regular expressions function in python and on Friday we got to meet with our groups and give an impromptu presentation of our current website.

### What's in your way?

This week I have an interview and three projects to work on. My most pressing concern will be balancing my time between projects, homework, and interview preparation.

### What will you do next week?

Next week, I will work to make progress on my projects and other classwork. The semester is now entering its tail end, so I would like to work ahead and finish it with relatively low stress.

### What's my experience of the class?

The class is consistent. We have covered a wide range of topics using similar methods. Professor Downing will show us code for the concept implementation in Python, and then we write our own implementation in class. In my opinion, this allows us to learn the material at an appropriate depth. I like seeing code examples in class because I then know how to use it outside of class. The daily quizzes are typically somewhat challenging, and I would like to have a bit more time to think through some of the problems. I also think it would be a good policy for students to have a certain number of late quizzes, whereby they can take an alternative quiz at the end of class if they were a couple minutes late. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is TSA pre-check. I was nearly going to miss my flight home on Tuesday, and thankfully was able to skip the security line because I signed up for pre-check the previous week.
