---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### What did you do this past week?

During the first week of class we covered the syllabus and some introductory topics. While Wednesday was mostly dedicated to the syllabus, we also managed to step through a Hello World C++ program and discus the Collatz cycle length of a number. On Friday, we looked into operators and how differing object oriented languages approach them. Aside from class, I set up this blog. 

### What's in your way?

My classes are stacked- I am taking five upper-level CS/Math  courses (including Operating Systems). The prospect of the work ahead is daunting, but I believe I will be able to stick to a disciplined study regimen.

### What will you do next week?

Next week, I will dive into course material and set up class tools Travis CI and Docker. I also hope to get started on our first project, which is due the following week.

### What's my experience of the class?

The class is engaging. Professor Downing calls on students with questions and then converses with them depending on their answers. This method makes the material understandable because it directly addresses how the student comprehends it. My understanding of the differences between Java import and C++ include has never been clearer.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

Google Calendar. I enter in the exam, project, and homework dates for all of my classes. Doing this allows me to see which weeks will be difficult and which weeks I will have the opportunity to work ahead. Furthermore, it is useful for things outside of class like career or personal events. The calendar keeps me mindful of the time I have and how I can most effectively spend it.
