---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### What did you do this past week?

In class, we began covering arrays and the c++ vector class. Outside of class, I finished project 3, which consisted of building an allocator class that mimics the functionality of a heap. 

### What's in your way?

This week is fairly easy for me with neither tests nor projects due. However, the following week I will have 2 projects and a test, so my prerogative for the week is to review material and get a jump start on upcoming projects.

### What will you do next week?

I will be studying for my next round of midterms and working on projects. Ideally, I am able to finish the majority of my projects this week and catch up where I am behind. 

### What's my experience of the class?

The class structure is quite fluid. While other classes will cover large chapters, we seem to flow through the different elements of C++ and object-oriented programming as concepts build upon each other. One thing I really like about the class is that Professor Downing actually codes or reviews code with us. In other classes, the professors often teach abstract concepts while only showing pseudocode. This is okay for a basic understanding, but I get slowed down by syntax and practical considerations when I sit down and try to code these concepts. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is make your own coffee. I spent way too much money staying caffeinated during the last round of midterms/projects and finally began to brew my own coffee. I get much more better tasting coffee when I brew it myself. It's also more convenient when you can make a cup at home without having to go out of your way.
