---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week we took an in depth look at the workflow, various strategies for optimizing the Collatz problem, and how unit and coverage tests will be used. In class, we took daily quizzes and went over the project.

### What's in your way?

My classes are beginning to assign projects as I am getting further into recruiting. Balancing career activities and computer science courses requires skillful time management.

### What will you do next week?

I plan to finish up project 1. I am also planning to attend multiple career fairs and recruiting events. This requires I begin studying for possible interviews. Additionally, I will be studying for the quizzes and completing our assigned reading.

### What's my experience of the class?

We spent a good amount of time reviewing the first project and testing procedures. This content is similar to what we learned in Professor Downing's other course (Object Oriented Programming), which I took last semester. I enjoy the clarity with which the material is conveyed and am ready for the class work to ramp up. It is interesting to focus this material under the lens of software engineering tools rather than the object oriented concepts we used while learning the C++ language in OOP. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Momentum. It is a Chrome plug-in that makes new tabs into aesthetically pleasing home pages. The app puts images of natural beauty behind a clock and to do list. The to do list is particularly useful for keeping organized. 
