---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week we studied vectors. We looked at several possible implementations for the vector class and learned about the implementation C++ uses. Additionally, I worked ahead on my projects and studying for this week.

### What's in your way?

This week I have two tests and a project due in this class. The two tests will be challenging, but finishing the project will add the most complication to my time management. Thus, my main challenge for the week is managing my time efficiently.

### What will you do next week?

I will finish project 4 for OOP and take two tests. The majority of the week I will be studying for my exams, but I plan to take a few hours each day to work on the OOP project.

### What's my experience of the class?

The class is consistent. We have covered a wide range of topics using similar methods. Professor Downing will show us code for the concept implementation in C++, and then we write our own implementation in class. In my opinion, this allows us to learn the material at an appropriate depth. I like seeing the code in class because I now know how to use it outside of class. The daily quizzes are typically somewhat challenging, and I would like to have a bit more time to think through some of the problems. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is March Madness. Making a bracket and joining a group are great ways to get to know people. As a huge basketball fan, it is also fun. While one might not usually enjoy cheering for other colleges, building a bracket and cheering for certain match ups affords a similar opportunity at fandom.
