---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week I did project 4, took two tests, and continued studying vectors. Additionally, we learned about passing r-values by reference using the && operator

### What's in your way?

I have two projects due this week and one due next week. I have been working on my projects due this week and plan to get started on the one due the following week. I also need to make sure I stay up to date on material for my classes now that the second midterms have passed.

### What will you do next week?

This week I will complete my projects for my other classes and begin project 5 for this class. I will also be completing several homework assignments and learning about inheritance in OOP.

### What's my experience of the class?

I've learned the projects in this class take much more time than one might expect upon beginning. It's important to consider not only getting the code to work but also the ancillary portions like tests and documentation. The class itself remains engaging. In class, we often build out exercises, which is useful because we get to see where we are wrong in our thinking.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is starting projects early. I was pressed for time on project 4 and had some conflicts from other classes and extra-curriculars. I am positive that starting earlier would result in a better grade on just about every project I've ever had. So my tip and plan for myself going forward is to start projects as soon as possible. 
