---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### What did you do this past week?

During the first week of class we covered the syllabus and some introductory topics. While Wednesday was mostly dedicated to the syllabus, we also managed to step through a Hello World Python program and discuss the Collatz cycle length of a number. On Friday, we looked at Docker and learned about the usefulness of assert statements. Aside from class, I set up this blog. 

### What's in your way?

I am still working on my schedule and attempting add classes. Once I have my classes set, I will need to make sure I am caught up and prepared.

### What will you do next week?

Next week, I will complete our assigned reading and prepare for quizzes before class. I also hope to get started on our first project involving computing Collatz cycles.

### What's my experience of the class?

The class is engaging. Professor Downing calls on students with questions and then converses with them depending on their answers. This method makes the material understandable because it directly addresses how the student comprehends it. Even simple concepts like assert statements are better understood when we actively learn the material.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

Google Calendar. I enter in the exam, project, and homework dates for all of my classes. Doing this allows me to see which weeks will be difficult and which weeks I will have the opportunity to work ahead. Furthermore, it is useful for things outside of class like career or personal events. The calendar keeps me mindful of the time I have and how I can most effectively spend it.
