---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week I got started on project 1, which for the most part has consisted of setting up the workflow. In class, we took daily quizzes and went over the project. We also looked at certain ways to optimize our C++ code. Additionally, I read the first chapters of our class textbook and the articles Professor Downing recommended.

### What's in your way?

A bountiful supply of homework. As my classes are beginning to ramp up, I need to stay focused on keeping an organized and disciplined approach to my work.

### What will you do next week?

I plan to finish up project 1. I am also flying out to New York City to attend a placement day for my summer internship. This will result in me missing Friday's class, so I would like to attend office hours to see what I am missing.

### What's my experience of the class?

This week, we spent the majority of the time going over our first project. Though I expected to cover more material related to the text, getting a better understanding of the project was useful. The workflow is more complex than in most classes. However, the way software companies and teams work together inspired the workflow, which makes it valuable experience.  

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Momentum. It is a Chrome plug-in that makes new tabs into aesthetically pleasing home pages. The app puts images of natural beauty behind a clock and to do list. The to do list is particularly useful for keeping organized. 
