---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week we covered list and generator comprehensions and their implementations. We also learned about yield and python's map function.

### What's in your way?

This week we have our first exam, and I have an interview on Friday. Additionally, I am working on group projects in the majority of my classes. I will be balancing time between preparing for tests/interviews and working on projects.

### What will you do next week?

Next week, I will be getting ready for the exam, preparing for interviews, and continuing to work on projects. My goal is to finish projects due the week of the 15th early, so that I can allocate more time towards preparing for my test next week. 

### What's my experience of the class?

The class material is delivered through a question and answer format. I believe the majority of the time this works excellent and results in clear communication. However, I think writing out explicit definitions for new terms would help comprehension. For example, having a one sentence definition of a "generator comprehension" would be extremely useful. This could possibly be a set of terms the class works on defining together in something akin to a Google Doc. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Overleaf. Overleaf makes it easy to write and edit LaTex documents. We used it to write our technical report for project 1, and the formatting was perfect. LaTex is also useful for resumés and papers in other classes. It is harder to use than the typical document editor, but Overleaf greatly weakens this barrier to entry.
