---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

### Summary of the Class

I enjoyed this class and learned a lot. While it was challenging at times, it gave me a better idea about how applying objected oriented concepts to real world software engineering really works. I particularly enjoyed the aspect of the class where Dr. Downing would focus on career progression and invite companies to come speak to us. Overall, I became a better programmer through this class. Learning the C++ language gave a deeper understanding of the paradigms used across the world of computer science. 

The exams and quizzes were challenging, and I wish we had more practice questions for them. The projects were more time consuming than I expected. The unit tests, documentation, and workflow requirements added an extra amount of work to the assignments. I think my success in the course would've improved if partners were required for projects. I highly recommend making parters required in the future. My grade will end up a bit lower than I was hoping; however, I chalk it up to my own shortcomings as far as time management goes. 

I thought Dr. Downing was an engaging professor and am planning to take his Software Engineering course next semester. There were two elements of his teaching style that stood out to me. One, the lecture is based around him calling on students to work through questions. Two, he spends the class showing examples of code, coding, and having students do exercises. These two features make the class concepts clear and enhance communication between the professor and students.   
