---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week, I began project 2. It was easier to get going on this project because the workflow is essentially the same as project 1. In class, we learned the uses of pass by value, reference, and address in C++. I have also been keeping up with the reading and begun reviewing the notes from past classes. 

### What's in your way?

My main focus for this week is project 2. I became pressed for time on the first project, so I want to get this one done as soon as possible. I will be balancing this work against homework and projects in my other four classes. 

### What will you do next week?

Next week, I plan to complete project 2. I also want to get top scores on all our quizzes, which will require reviewing the lecture material and readings before class. Additionally, I will be completing AI, OS, Numerical Analysis, and Applied Linear Algebra homework assignments. 

### What's my experience of the class?

The class began to focus in on core C++ and object oriented concepts this week. I enjoyed getting a better fundamental understanding of pointers and pass by reference. Before this week, I generally would read code littered with ampersands and postpone figuring out all the references. The quizzes have ramped up in difficulty as they are now centered on detailed applications of class topics. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Docker. For the first project, I learned how to use it and now the workflow for project 2 is simple. Docker makes all the tools necessary for the class available remotely and immediately. I wish some of my other classes would make use of it.
