---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What did you do this past week?

I finished project 2 -- automating the Australian voting process. Additionally, we covered pointers, anonymous functions, and the const keyword in class. 

### What's in your way?

I have projects due in my OS and AI classes as well as a test in OS. Luckily, my group is nearly done with our OS project and I have gotten a jumpstart on the AI project. For me, time management will be the most important element of this week.

### What will you do next week?

Next week, I plan to complete class projects and begin preparation for the next few weeks of midterms. In OOP, I will be working to ace the quizzes and review material for our upcoming exam. I am also pitching an investment thesis for the Undergraduate Computational Finance club.

### What's my experience of the class?

I am enjoying learning the ins and outs of the C++ language. In most classes, the programming language is taught secondarily to the material at hand. In our class, the two are one in the same. We have a break from projects for a couple weeks, but the first two were good introductions to the language and software engineering tools. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Kai Ryssdal's Marketplace podcast. The podcast covers current events in business and politics. They take an analytical, non-partisan approach. Listing to this everyday will keep you up to date on what is going on around the world and how those events affect you. Furthermore, the podcast format is great for walking between classes.
