---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week we looked further into the use of pure virtual methods and the differences between Java and C++ inheritance. 

### What's in your way?

We have our second exam in this class, and I have a two projects due in my other classes. Balancing between studying and working on these projects will be my main challenge.

### What will you do next week?

I will be finishing up all of my classes. This includes studying for the exam, finishing two projects, and completing final homework assignments. Additionally, I'll be preparing for my finals the following week. 

### What's my experience of the class?

Now that the class has come to an end, I can definitively say I've learned a lot. My understanding of C++ and object-oriented programming paradigms is far more advanced now. I believe the engaging use of questioning individuals, in class exercises, and coding demonstrations of concepts is one of the best ways to teach computer science. I plan to take Professor Downing's Software Engineering class next semester and am looking forward to it. My only complaint about the class is the implementation of the quizzes. I think dropping a few more quizzes or allowing a protocol for when someone is running late would allow for more success.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is redo the in class exercises to study for the test. By redoing the coding exercises, you force yourself to think clearly about the concepts we study and learn them the hard way. I think using this strategy will give functional knowledge to use on the exam.
