---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week, we had a guest lecture from Edward Doan of Google. He spoke about the Google Cloud Platform, which we may be able to use in our next project. On Wednesday, we learned about the next project, and I was set up with a group. 

### What's in your way?

This week I have interviews and projects due. My main concern is time management. I want to ensure that I am spending the appropriate amount of time working efficiently to get everything done. This will require communication with my project partners and preparation studying class content. 

### What will you do next week?

Next week, I plan to complete project 2. I also want to get top scores on all our quizzes, which will require reviewing the lecture material and readings before class. Additionally, I will be completing a project for my Game Technology class and interviewing with multiple companies.

### What's my experience of the class?

The class does a good job of orienting students towards the industry. Hearing from Edward on Monday was a great experience and the tools we use in class are used by many businesses. We are getting the knowledge necessary to actually be a software engineer. I believe the group projects will further this experience as we will be working in a team building a viable product.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Docker. For the first project, I learned how to use it and it completely simplified the workflow. Docker makes all the tools necessary for the class available remotely and immediately. I wish my other classes would make use of it. I believe containers will be an essential tool within the next 5 years.
