---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week we learned more about the internals of our final project and began to go over inheritance in C++. 

### What's in your way?

This week my only big deadline is for our final OOP project. My goal is to get this done ahead of the deadline while balancing it with homework assignments in my other classes. I am also studying for a test I have next week and getting started on projects in my other classes.

### What will you do next week?

This week I will complete the final OOP project, homework assignments for other classes, and begin on work for the coming weeks. As I am wrapping up the semester, I want to finish my final assignments and begin preparing for finals.

### What's my experience of the class?

The class has become more complex later on in the course. We are learning about more fundamental object oriented concepts that inform everything we have already learned in the class. This adds a layer of complexity because the various objects we have learned about all have interweavings based on inheritance or abstract classes. I feel like my understanding of C++ is getting deeper and deeper while realizing more about what I don't know.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is work with partners on projects. I hadn't done it for our previous projects and am doing it for our final one. We are already much further ahead on the project than I would be if it was just me working on it. Working with a partner prevents procrastination and makes the work go more quickly.
