---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week we learned about SQL and relational albegra. Specifically, we covered select, project, cross-join, theta-join, and natural join. 

### What's in your way?

This week we have our third project due and I have an interview on Thursday. I will be balancing my time between these two tasks and working on projects for my other classes.

### What will you do next week?

For the most part, working on project 3 and preparing for my interview. I will also be spending some time wokring ahead on things due in the coming weeks. 

### What's my experience of the class?

The class is changing right now because we have begun the relational algebra portion of the class. I found it interesting when Professor Downing described software engineering not as a the tools used for a project but the patterns used to build a project. I like that we learn the in's and out's of python/SQL while also learning these patterns. I feel that the things I learn in this class will be useful in situations where I am programming in the real world.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Bose SoundSport Wireless earphones. I've been using these headphones for a couple months now, and they are great. At first, it was weird to transition to bluetooth headphones, but now I can't go without them. Wireless saves time and gives you more ability at the gym or just moving around the house. The only drawback is that they need to be charged. 
