---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did you do this past week?

This week we learned about static and nested classes and took our first exam. As such, I spent the majority of the week studying.

### What's in your way?

I have two more midterms this week in Applied Linear Algebra and Artificial Intelligence. Additionally, I have two projects due the week following spring break. I also lost my macbook charger and need a new one ASAP.

### What will you do next week?

Next week, I will be finishing up the first half of the semester. I am trying to be caught up in all of my classes before leaving for the break. Thus, I will spend the week studying, reviewing material, and attending office hours.

### What's my experience of the class?

The first exam was interesting because of the format. I was not expecting all multiple choice, but I found it to be an adequate test of knowledge. Studying for the midterm somewhat changed my perspective on the material. It is hard to realize how large the aggregate total of our learning is until you realize how much the little features we learn add up. C++ is a very complex language, but all it takes is sitting down and learning each of thr components. 

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is Spectacle. This app makes it easy to move around windows on  Mac. I use it every time I am on my computer and find it particularly useful for programming. You can shift windows to the up, down, left, right, and into fully filling the screen. This will help you save time and think more clearly.
